hello everyone welcome back I've got
this short clip I took it up north I've
been trying to do this fishing video up
at the tent and to do a video like that
you've got to catch fish and I've got
some smaller ones a you know couple a
nice fish but not enough for a video so
I have my camera going when I do finally
do that video I've got my boat water
back on my level of 90 mercury and I was
going from one area to another area to
the second Narrows is what I call it
where I love to catch fish and as I came
around the corner a deer was crossing
from one point to the other point and I
happen to have my camera going so I
posted this on the Joel exact survival
Facebook and there's only ID and a
couple hundred 250 followers or whatever
on the Facebook tonight posted that
video right away and it got like 1200
views so I thought you know what I'm
gonna do an intro do a short little
video and show the clip which is only
like 30 seconds long 33 maybe I'm not
sure and let you guys take a look so
check this out
so in all the years that I've been up at
the tent I've watched deer swim from
like the far side of the lake to the
island and then from the island to the
other side I've watched moose swim
across the lake years ago and but never
once if I came upon one you know by
chance I wasn't chasing the deer it just
happened to be in the same place that I
was when it was crossing and I had the
camera so it's like how many times do
you get to see that so I wanted to let
you guys take a look so anyway thanks a
lot for watching and I'll see you next
time